*.adobe.com                    # Adobe main domain
*.adobe.io                     # Adobe API services
*.adobecc.com                  # Creative Cloud services
*.adobeccstatic.com            # Creative Cloud static content
*.adobegenuine.com             # License validation
*.adobe-identity.com           # Authentication services
*.adobelogin.com              # Login services
*.adobedc.net                 # Data center services
*.adobeoobe.com               # Out-of-box experience
*.adobe-services.com          # Core Adobe services
*.adobess.com                 # Adobe shared services
cc-api-data.adobe.io          # Creative Cloud API data
*.s3.amazonaws.com            # AWS S3 for Adobe content
*.cloudfront.net              # AWS CloudFront CDN
kessel-ws.parsec.app          # Parsec WebSocket API
kessel-api.parsec.app         # Parsec main API
builds.parsec.app             # Software updates
builds.parsecgaming.com       # Legacy update domain
public.parsec.app             # Public API endpoints
parsecusercontent.com         # User content delivery
stun.parsec.app               # STUN server for NAT traversal
hyper3d.ai                    # 3D streaming technology
parsec.app                    # Main application domain
*.autodesk.com                # Main Autodesk domain
*.autodesk.eu                 # European services
*.autodesk.net                # Network services
access.clic.autodesk.com      # License access service
developer.api.autodesk.com    # Developer API
login.microsoftonline.com     # Microsoft login service
*.login.microsoftonline.com   # Regional login services
graph.microsoft.com           # Microsoft Graph API
*.graph.microsoft.com         # Graph API endpoints
*.manage.microsoft.com        # Intune management
enrollment.manage.microsoft.com # Device enrollment
portal.manage.microsoft.com   # Management portal
*.devicereg.microsoft.com     # Device registration
enterpriseregistration.windows.net # Enterprise registration
*.security.microsoft.com      # Security center
securitycenter.windows.com    # Windows Security Center
*.wdcp.microsoft.com          # Windows Defender Cloud Protection
*.wd.microsoft.com            # Windows Defender services
def-vef.wd.microsoft.com      # Defender definition updates
smartscreen.microsoft.com     # SmartScreen protection
*.okta.com                    # Okta identity services
*.hcaptcha.com                # hCaptcha anti-bot service
hcaptcha.com                  # hCaptcha main domain
crl3.digicert.com            # DigiCert certificate revocation
crl.microsoft.com            # Microsoft certificate revocation
*.digicert.com               # DigiCert certificate services
ctldl.windowsupdate.com      # Windows certificate trust list
